hype_my_science.py takes a list of gene symbols (formatted as a single column in a tab-delimited text file) and reports back the amount of results this gene has in PubMed. Warning: will overestimate citations for a gene when it is a common word, but it reports this with a warning. The script is run like this: python hype_my_science.py /path/to/inputgenelist.txt. Output defaults to output[n].txt with progressive numbering (output1.txt output2.txt to avoid over-writing). Requires some dependencies that can be installed with the command: pip install requests tqdm beautifulsoup4 nltk

describe_my_gene.py takes an input list of gene symbols (formatted as a single column in a tab-delimited text file) and reports back the NCBI Entrez Gene Summary for every gene for easy browsing. This script must be run by specifying both input and output as arguments: python describe_my_gene.py /path/to/inputgenelist.txt /path/to/outputgenelist.txt. Requires some dependencies that can be installed with pip install tqdm

CpG_island_checker.sh: this script calls CpG islands from a tab-delimited text file with different sequences where each row is sequence name in column 1 and its sequence in column 2. This is useful to check for CpG islands in ChIP-seq peaks. For compatibility with this script, process the Chip-seq peak file (.bed/.narrowPeak) with bedtools getfasta (to obtain sequences) and specify the option -tab to produce a tab-delimited file. Specify your input file as the first argument (e.g. sh CpG_island_checker.sh INPUT.txt).
